Bammako died in 1912 at Norman, in Oklahoma but he had returned to Ohio during the years before.
Lillian Diana Gish was born on October 14th 1893, he was American, artist, writer
Bamako left the town world in Norman, Oklahoma in 1912 but returned to town in Ohio the following years.
Lillian Diana Gish born October 14, 1893 was an American actress, painter, curator, writer and playwright.
He worked extensively on the effects of the guilay from the early 1950s to the late 1980s, and closed his career with Bette Davis in 1987 with The whales of August.
Gish was actively involved in the 1912-1920 movement and his association with D.W. Griffith.
His back in those times бuбdi gave him a long, bad sword and many pedestals
The mothers opened a large shop called Candy, and the women helped her sell her guffi and Candy fed the old men of the kitchen.
Seventeen-year-old Lillian lived in Shawnee, Oklahoma, where her brother Alfred Grant Gish and his wife Maude lived.
Their mother opened a big restaurant named Candy, women helped her selling () ancient kings
Taytu Betul participated in the Adou battle in 1896, in which they assaulted the Italians.
The government representative refused categorically to discuss because this could make loose ** Ethiopian country.
After many marriages, Betu married in ''the month seeɗto" 1883 the kind of Choa, called Sahle Myriam, who  shared with her the same determination and also was looking for help in the West of the country.
The revolutionner Taytu Betul Bravely fought the italians who wanted to colonize his country.
Because our enemies are the half of our citizen who don't love her,since her husband passed away they left her down.
Because she comes in a honesty family from thé north of ethiopia,she has a good behavior from her tradionnal coutumes 
She tried many stratagies to build the Ethiopia's capital city it's Addis-Abeba 
It's because of this help Sahle Myriam governed all Ethiopia in 1889 by the name of Ménélik Ii
Taytu Betul got her from Walata Mikael a brave ethiopean woman, she was born in1851 at Semien Sara tigray and died in 11 december 1918 at Entoto
She was a leader in Ethiopia from 1889 to 1913
That's why Taytu Betul was the famous woman at this time 
Except this her husband Always follow accept his wife order
It's clear there is a change since the colonial 
The most is writen by (El Bakri, Ibn Batuta, Taariik es Sudaan, Tarik Al fatash...) And some oral tradition (awlube)
Portugese and spanish historian told about Mali's latest kindom 
A child get's his daddys' behavior but in differant city and area 
The stories teller are the arabean travellers,the berber, the most famous are El Bakri (Tom 12), Al Umari,Ibn Batuta and Ibn Khaldum (Tom 16)
There are not many stories about Mali's kindom even those who exist aren't clear and deep 
There's two type of the story : the old writings since (16thcentury) and the latest writings at beggining of(16th century) from the south of Niger's river 
That's why many are disagre about Mali's kindom 
WE CAN also take an example of Yusuf tata Cissé and his griots wakamisoko and Siriman Kouyaté in his Book called Mandingues rules Writes by UNESCO 
The most known custom is the custom of the regne of soundiata Keita. Many Writes of him as the mandingue epic of Djibril Tamsir Niang 
And also some stories are written by Tariq es Sudaan and Tariq al fatash in telling black story after maroccan taking the Songay kindom a little about Mali's story 
Many cancers can be prevented by not smoking, maintaining a healthy weight, not drinking too much alcohol, eating plenty of vegetables, fruits and whole grains, being vaccinated against certain infectious diseases, not eating too much red meat, and avoiding too much exposure to sunlight.[8][9] Early detection through screening is useful for cervical and colorectal cancer.[10] The benefits of screening in breast cancer are controversial.
Mali leaders have received commission from western african countries union 
Aba known as revolutionner languges in Nigeria in 2016 Aba became famous and has been followed by 2,534,265 people on social-media 
Aba works in the courthouse's Nigerian in Abiya Capitol city 
It's his joy 
Prevailing culture, religious beliefs, and the wishes of China's efforts were not mere appearance.
Aba-ukwu is a town located to the north of Aba.
Aba is a city located at the confluence of two rivers, and is an important commercial center in Abia State, southeastern Nigeria.
The Kanju people use the leaves of the tunko tree to make medicine for various illnesses and diseases.
According to a statement by the traditional ruler of Aba-Ukwu, Eze Ukaegbu, the recent clash between two rival cult groups in Aba has resulted in the loss of lives and properties.
Aba is divided into five major districts; Aba-Ukwu, Aba, Obuda-Aba, Umuokpoji-Aba, and the outskirts.
In the 1930s, there were 55-100 people who lived in the village, and in the 1930s, there was a lot of trouble. to over 100 being reported.
During the discussion, Aba shared stories of his travels and experiences, including a time when he witnessed a group of young men stealing fruits from a garden and how he mediated a conflict between two farmers over the ownership of a piece of land. He also talked about the importance of respecting one's elders and how he encouraged the young men to apologize and make amends for their actions, which they eventually did with the guidance of Aba.
The local football team won an international football tournament in Nigeria. The Onicca team defeated the Kamfaniwal team and received a prize of a Heineken Brewery tour and tasting.
In the town of Aba, there were some young men who were members of the Banɗiraɓe society. Emejiaka Egbu was among them. He left Aba to seek the advice of Ogbonna, a wise man from Umuokpo village. On his return, he brought back some new Banɗiraɓe members from Obuda-Aba, Ugbor and Aba-ukwu. They all went to the shrine at OhAbiyam where they performed some rituals.
In 1929, there was a revolt by Igbo women in Aba.
Unballitoɗun jaudi e sayoɓe kolte e inibije haade e pharmaceutical dun rebaje siminti e haaje Sudu
And the big roads are good for traveling.
Difficult 
Difficult 
