Transport secretary among Spain holidaymakers forced to quarantine
The country had been on a list of "travel corridor" nations deemed safe to visit by Downing Street, but a recent surge in coronavirus cases has sparked fears of a second wave of the disease.
Dominic Raab has defended the Government's decision to re-introduce quarantine measures on Spain at short notice.
Dominic Raab: Government can't make apologies for Spain quarantine decision
"Otherwise, we risk re-infection into the UK, potentially a second wave here and then another lockdown."
He said the situation was then assessed yesterday afternoon "and we took the decision as swiftly as we could."
"We must be able to take swift, decisive action, particularly in relation to localised, or internationally in relation to Spain or a particular country, where we see we must take action."
Ministers announced on Saturday that holidaymakers who had not returned from Spain and its islands by midnight would be forced to self-isolate for 14 days.
On Sunday, the Foreign Secretary defended the sudden reimposition of restrictions as a "real-time response" to a worrying spike in infections reported in the region.
"Otherwise, we risk re-infection into the UK, potentially a second wave here and then another lockdown."
Ministers announced on Saturday that holidaymakers who had not returned from Spain and its islands by midnight would be forced to self-isolate for 14 days.
Dominic Raab: Government can't make apologies for Spain quarantine decision
He said the situation was then assessed yesterday afternoon "and we took the decision as swiftly as we could."
He said the situation was then assessed yesterday afternoon "and we took the decision as swiftly as we could."
Dominic Raab: Government can't make apologies for Spain quarantine decision
Ministers announced on Saturday that holidaymakers who had not returned from Spain and its islands by midnight would be forced to self-isolate for 14 days.
"We must be able to take swift, decisive action, particularly in relation to localised, or internationally in relation to Spain or a particular country, where we see we must take action."
"We can't make apologies for doing so," he added.
On Sunday, the Foreign Secretary defended the sudden reimposition of restrictions as a "real-time response" to a worrying spike in infections reported in the region.
"Otherwise, we risk re-infection into the UK, potentially a second wave here and then another lockdown."
The Labour MP told Sophy Ridge: "I understand why they've made the decision but, of course, the way in which this decision has been made in the last 24 hours is frankly shambolic.
"The way in which this decision has been made in the last 24 hours is frankly shambolic."
The decision was made after Spain recorded more than 900 new daily Covid-19 cases for two days running.
Mr Raab said no worker following the new guidance should be penalised by employers, including by being put onto sick pay.
"If someone is following the law in relation to quarantine and self-isolating the way they should, they can't have penalties taken against them."
US "failures" are holding back search for coronavirus drugs
He urged ministers to offer "clarity" on whether those who are asked to quarantine will receive financial support if their employers refuse to pay them during the quarantine period.
Britain's Recovery Trial programme, which has involved 12,000 patients at several hundred British hospitals, has already pinpointed one promising new drug to tackle the disease and also highlighted two others - previously thought to be potential life-savers - as being useless.
He said: "We are changing the rules - the law is changed in relation to holidaymakers and travellers - and of course we expect employers to show those employees who will have to quarantine because of the law the flexibility they need.
He added that clear information was also needed "for those holidaymakers who are currently in Spain who have properly saved up all year for their family holiday who are confused and distressed."
The global effort to produce useful anti-Covid medicines is being hampered by the US because researchers are testing drugs in "an arbitrary, willy-nilly way," the expert leading the UK's programme has warned.
"If you look at the US, huge quantities of this treatment have been used on an arbitrary willy-nilly basis. The UK excels beyond measure compared with what's going on there," he added.
In particular, convalescent plasma (blood plasma that is taken from Covid-19 patients and which contains antibodies that could protect others against the disease) has still to be properly tested on a large-scale randomised trial.
They remove unconscious biases that might cloud clinicians' judgments.
"They are failing to do large, randomised trials and that ends up providing bad medicine. It makes the practice of medicine poorer and the outcomes for patients poorer."
But the failure of the US medical system to match this output has meant that other promising treatments that could have been cleared for widespread use have still to be evaluated.
It also showed that the much-hyped drug hydroxychloroquine - as well as the combined therapy of the drugs lopinavir and ritonavir - had no effect in saving patients' lives.
By contrast, the US health service is fragmented and its only success in pointing a possible treatment has been highlighting the usefulness of the highly expensive drug remdesivir for speeding recovery of some Covid-19 patients.
Landray said this failure was particularly exasperating when it came to the use of convalescent plasma, which many doctors believe could have a key role to play in treating seriously ill Covid-19 patients.
"There are lots and lots of small drugs trials involving a few dozen or a few hundred patients going on in the US but nothing of any substance," added Landray.
Crucially these trials needed very large numbers of patients and no single hospital has enough for such research.
Britain has had one key advantage - a centralised National Health Service.
Professor Peter Horby, an expert on infectious diseases and the other founder of the Recovery programme, said:
"They just give individuals convalescent plasma in the hope it will work. Vast quantities have been given and they still have no idea whether it helps or harms or has no impact," added Landray, an expert in the setting up of large-scale drug trials.
Thousands of people are given a drug and thousands of others are given a placebo.
"Tens of thousands of people have already been given convalescent plasma in the US but these treatments were not randomised," said Professor Martin Landray, one of the founders of the Recovery programme.
No one knows which they have been given.
Then results are compared and the efficacy of the treatment revealed.
In this way, Recovery was able to demonstrate that the steroid dexamethasone reduced deaths by a third in Covid-19 patients on ventilators.
The US is failing to do large, randomised trials and that ends up providing bad medicine
It has not issued any advisement against eating or consuming particular foods, nor named retailers that might be selling contaminated products.
According to the CDC, a specific source for the salmonella strain has not been identified.
July 25 (UPI) -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating an outbreak of salmonella that has sickened 212 people in 23 states.
Salmonella is a bacterial, foodborne illness that causes 1.35 million infections, 26,500 hospitalizations, and 420 deaths each year, according to the CDC.
There's mask-shaming and then there's full on assault.
Ash O'Brien and husband Jarett Kelley say they were grabbing a bite to eat at Dusty Rhodes dog park in San Diego on Thursday, with their three-month-old pug in tow.
"There have been reports of 20,000 patients getting convalescent plasma in a cohort but none of those patients were randomised. If they had put these patients into randomised trials, we would now have a clear answer about the effectiveness of convalescent plasma."
The illness usually lasts four to seven days, and most people recover without treatment, but some cases require hospitalization.
The most common symptoms of salmonella infection are diarrhea, fever, and stomach cramps, which can begin between six hours and six days after exposure.
Thirty-one people have been hospitalized since the outbreak began, but no fatalities have been reported.
In a Friday press release the CDC reported that 87 people had become ill since its last update on the outbreak Tuesday.
Oregon has had the most cases of salmonella, with 51 infections, with Utah following close behind with 40 reported cases.
Since Thursday, the boy's family has been overwhelmed with support from people across the country, many of them offering help in both cash and kind.
Face masks are mandatory across the state of California, even in fresh air.
When he refused, the officials tipped his cart over, destroying all the eggs, the boy alleged.
The boy had also claimed that his daily sale has been down due to the pandemic and the loss of his stock will put additional financial burden on him, in the video.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's office and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has also offered help.
O'Brien shared the video on Facebook and told ABC 10 that she wants to see the woman "go to jail."
The family has also received help from locals.
O'Brien can be heard crying in the background as the attacker walks away with her dogs.
The boy's family also claimed that politicians including Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal have reached out to them and offered support.
Two days after the story of a 13-year-old egg seller's cart being overturned by civic officials went viral on social media, the Indore-based boy has found overwhelming support from people across the country, helping them recover from the losses and manage to start their business again.
The Metropolitan Police said on Saturday: "The Met takes all reports of antisemitism extremely seriously. The relevant material is being assessed."
Police are currently investigating a series of antisemitic comments posted on the Grime artist's social media accounts.
A woman from Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal called and offered help.
Twitter was accused of "ignoring antisemitism" as Wiley's tweets were still visible 12 hours after they were first posted.
He has also provided a cycle and Rs 2,500.
Jyothiraditya Scindia has also offered support," Paras's grandfather said.
The artist's now former manager, John Woolf, who is Jewish, wrote on Twitter: "Following Wiley's antisemitic tweets today we at @A_ListMGMT have cut all ties with him. There is no place in society for antisemitism."
Priti Patel has demanded an explanation from Twitter and Instagram over the length of time it took to remove "abhorrent" posts made by Wiley.
Meanwhile, Wiley's management company, A-List Management, "cut all ties" with the star.
A number of tweets have since been removed and the 41-year-old has been issued a seven-day ban by the site.
Digvijaya Singh has provided Rs 10,000 and assurance to look after the education of the two children.
Meanwhile, Wiley's management company, A-List Management, "cut all ties" with the star.
Rahul Gandhi's office has also called and offered support.
(BJP MLA) Ramesh Mendola has assured a flat under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
There's a $1,200 check coming. That is going to be part of the new package. I would have preferred a payroll tax cut, on top of that check," Kudlow said on CNN's "State of the Union
Fellow MP Neil Coyle added: "His management appear able to act quicker than @Twitter emphasising, once again, that legislation (including the Online Harms Bill) should ensure social media platforms are not used to spread hate."
Kudlow's comments come after a week where the White House's hoped for payroll tax cuts were shot down by Congress.
Mnuchin said the new bill will provide additional unemployment benefits, but noted that it will be less than the payments issued under the CARES Act.
Labour MP Jess Phillips said on Saturday: "Just seen all the Wiley stuff. Why on earth have @Twitter left up such blatant antisemitism and hatred? It hits all the dangerous beats, Jews get things you don't get, they are in control, they think their better... This is dangerous stuff. Surely it should come down."
While no deal has been officially announced, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and White House chief of staff Mark Meadows have been on Capitol Hill recently to discuss the details of a new relief package with congressional leaders.
They went too far. Maybe last March, it was necessary for that, but, really, there are consequences of people not returning to work.
Mnuchin earlier in the day on "Fox News Sunday" said it a little more bluntly: "I think workers and Americans understand the concept that you shouldn't be paid more to stay home than to work."
On ending the additional $600 in unemployment benefits the federal government was supplying, Kudlow argued that the extra money was hurting small businesses from hiring workers.
But, be that as it may, politically, it doesn't work.
Kudlow says next coronavirus stimulus bill will include more checks, extend moratorium on evictions
John Mann, the government's independent adviser on antisemitism, said the tweets "demonstrated precisely why the law needs changing to hold them to reasonable account."
Roughly 93 percent of Egyptian children aged one to 14 years old suffer from violence, said Khalid Darwish, advisor to the National Council for Childhood and Motherhood back in October.
The Queen legend shares his birthday today with The Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger, who is now 77-years-old.
Ali was found to be babbling incoherently during investigations, leading to suspicion he was suffering a mental breakdown.
The rock star wrote next to a snap of him and his wife Anita Dobson: "Birthday dinner for me - created by Anita - we dressed up to stay home !"
Prosecution is one of the most important pillars in eliminating child abuse, he added, stressing the importance of cooperation between the council and Public Prosecution in this regard.
The Associated Press has accused White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany of worrying the media by making her briefings political rather than informational -- apparently forgetting that reporters choose the questions.
Villagers from Massart Mallawi refrained from speaking about the incident, offering only their condolences to the children's family.
According to a study prepared by the National Council for Childhood and Motherhood, children are subjected to violence in places that are supposed to be safe, such as home, school or clubs, and exposed to violence from people who are supposed to care for them, such as parents or teachers.
AP blasts White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany for "political" briefings - but reporters keep asking political questions - RT USA News
Brian May celebrated his 73rd birthday last weekend on July 19 and thanked fans for the birthday wishes.
An article Saturday by the AP, the largest US news agency, said White House press briefings may be a "broken tradition," as McEnany has made them "a streamlined, full-throated advertisement for a president facing re-election, a venue for attacks on the media and a forum relatively light on information" about what the government is doing.
What the AP failed to mention is that hardly any new information is actually sought at the briefings.
Queen and Adam Lambert: Brian May celebrates Roger Taylor's birthday
It's not just an attempt to embarrass a public official. It's to extract information
That change has come from both sides and predated McEnany's arrival.
They go beyond the typical adversarial media-administration relationship, repeating each other in asking gotcha questions aimed only at impugning President Donald Trump.
It's not just a gotcha game," Hume said of the intended purpose of the pressers
McEnany didn't provide the answer reporters wanted - a sound bite that would hurt Trump - but she repeatedly responded by saying the president wasn't taking a position on the Confederate flag and that the gist of his message was that NASCAR fans were wrongly being portrayed as being racist.
Karl argued, "denying reality and using the White House podium for purely political purposes is a violation of public trust."
Trump tweeted that morning that NASCAR's television ratings had been hurt by a false allegation of a hate crime against driver Bubba Wallace and by its decision to ban display of the Confederate flag at its events.
Fox News political analyst Brit Hume, a veteran of more than 50 years in journalism who had a 1989-1996 stint as ABC's chief White House correspondent, said reporters today display "aggressive behavior" in the briefing room because of their contempt for Trump.
Yet McEnany's quick wit and combative style have made her a hero of some Trump supporters, since she gave her first briefing on May 1 after taking over as press secretary in April.
In some cases, they make themselves the news, such as when CBS News reporter Weijia Jiang responded to an "ask China" retort from Trump by making a not-so-subtle hint at racism: "Sir, why are you saying that to me specifically?"
The pressers had been absent for more than a year before her appointment.
Like other aspects of political life in Washington, the White House press secretary's relationship with the media has changed dramatically in the Trump era.
A July 6 briefing offered a prime example of the disconnect over how the briefings have ceased to be a source of meaningful information for Americans.
The fire broke out at the Alameda County Superior Courthouse and was contained a short time later, news outlets reported.
But in a Twitter post, he said the visit to Pakistan's capital would have to wait.
While Pogba may have been simply celebrating the club's return to the competition, many fans are interpreting it as a strong suggestion that he'll still be at the club as they compete with Europe's best again.
Several tweets called for peace and asked organizers to "help us provide safe spaces and safe places for demonstrators."
United are keen on extending Pogba's deal and they want clarity over his situation before next season.
Pogba had been expected to leave the club this summer after twice requesting to leave in the last two years.
Paul Pogba drops hint over his future after Man Utd seal Champions League spot
An "unlawful assembly" was declared by police around 11:30 p.m. and officers asked the crowd to disperse.
Manchester United star Paul Pogba has suggested he will stay at the club this summer after the Red Devils sealed a place in the top four.
Senior UN official skips Pakistan visit, citing flight issue
President Donald Trump had sent the federal agents to clamp down on protests that have occurred nightly since the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis on May 25.
OAKLAND, Ca. -- Protesters in California set fire to a courthouse, damaged a police station and assaulted officers after a peaceful demonstration intensified late Saturday, Oakland police said.
Photos tweeted by the department showed broken glass and paint splattered at a police building.
Pakistan and India have fought two of their three wars over the disputed region since gaining independence from British rule in 1947.
Demonstrators broke windows, spray painted graffiti, shot fireworks and pointed lasers at officers, the Oakland department said on Twitter.
The protest in Oakland began peacefully, but turned violent later into the night.
United were 14 points off Leicester just 12 matches ago but a sensational run of form saw the Red Devils finish in the top four.
The protest began earlier Saturday evening with groups such as the "Wall of Moms," similar to a group that formed in Portland, Oregon, as protesters faced off with U.S. agents deployed to that city to guard a federal courthouse.
And the Frenchman has dropped the latest hint that he's set to stay at the club by posting on his Instagram after his side's 2-0 win.
A 2-0 win against Leicester meant United finished in third, ahead of Frank Lampard's Chelsea.
ISLAMABAD (AP) - The incoming president of the United Nations General Assembly announced Sunday that he was postponing a scheduled visit to Pakistan "due to some technical flight problems."
Pakistan's foreign minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi tweeted in response to Bozkir that "I look forward to welcoming you to Pakistan soon for a constructive and fruitful visit."
Turkish diplomat Volkan Bozkir was elected president of the 75th session of the United Nations General Assembly last month and was scheduled to arrive in Islamabad on Sunday.
Pogba has a year to run on his existing deal, though the club can extend that by 12 months meaning he effectively has two years to run.
Pakistan wants the United Nations to play its role in resolving the issue of Kashmir under its resolutions by allowing people living in the Himalayan region to decide whether they want to merge with India, with Pakistan or whether they prefer independence.
Police said protesters at one point were "breaking windows and chanting racial slurs at residents."
A day earlier, a jubilant Qureshi, while announcing the visit, had hoped he would discuss a range of issues with Bozkir, including Kashmir, which is split between Pakistan and neighboring India and claimed by both in its entirety.
